Unsigned Integers
What the heck is an unsigned integer? 

First, let's go over integers. Integers include all positive and negative numbers without fractions. The numbers -2,-1,0,1,2 are all 
integers. This range continues in both the positive and negative direction as far as you can count!
To determine if the number is above or below zero we use the sign: + or -. An unsigned integer is an integer that has no sign. 
Solidity has a specific data type for unsigned integers called uint. A uint can be suffixed with the number of bits reserved for it.
For instance uint8 means that there are eight bits provided for the value of the variable.
What is the range of unsigned integers in eight bits? Eight bits can range from 00000000 to 11111111. This range can represent 256 unique values.
Since the range of unsigned integer values does not include negative numbers, it is simply 0 to 255. In decimal, the unsigned value of
00000000 is 0 and the value of 11111111 is 255. So, the max value a uint8 can store is 255. You can calculate the max value of a uint by 
doing (2 ^ n) - 1, where n is the number of bits it can use to store the value.

Accounts 
In Ethereum, accounts are often distinguished into two types: Externally Owned Accounts and Contract Accounts. The differences between these
accounts is largely conceptual as the EVM essentially treats them the same!Every account on the EVM has a public address and a balance. 
Contract accounts will also store their bytecode as well as their internal storage data.When making a call from an EOA to a Contract Account
it's important to know things like who is making the call, how much ether they are sending and the function they are intending to invoke 
with which arguments.The Solidity language handles the wiring up of the transaction data to the function we have defined on the contract. 
The language also gives us access to the transaction parameters through globals like msg.sender and msg.value.By providing these utilities 
for working with accounts we can easily define roles, permissions and track token balances in contracts. Let's learn all about working with 
accounts in Solidity!

Solidity Addresses
Let's talk about the address data type in Solidity!
An address on the EVM is a 160 bits long, or a 40 character, hexadecimal string:
address a = 0xc783df8a850f42e7f7e57013759c285caa701eb6;
 This is valid Solidity! We can store a fixed address in our contracts if we need to.

Receive Function
In the latest versions of Solidity, contracts cannot receive ether by default.In order to receive ether, a contract must specify
a payable function. This is another keyword which affects the function's mutability similar to view and pure.

Transferring Funds
We can make any regular function payable. This allows us to differentiate the purpose of the ether coming into the smart contract.

Self Destruct
Contracts can destroy themselves by using the SELFDESTRUCT opcode on the EVM! This opcode actually refunds ether in order to incentivize 
cleaning up the blockchain of unused contracts.

Reverting Transactions

In the EVM the main opcode to revert a transaction is REVERT. There are three ways to invoke the REVERT opcode from Solidity are assert, 
require and revert. We'll focus on the last two for now (see this stage's details section for more on assert).
We can revert a transaction in Solidity by using the require function and the revert statement.
A require statement has two forms:

1. require(someBooleanCondition);
2. require(someBooleanCondition, "Optional error message");
☝️ These will revert if someBooleanCondition is false. We can use these to check for all kinds of conditions.

The revert keyword also has two forms:
1. // old syntax to revert with a string
2. revert("Some error message");
3. // new syntax to revert with a custom error
4. revert SomeCustomError(arg1, arg2, ...);
